# CZERTAINLY Cryptosense Discovery Provider

> This repository is part of the commercial open-source project CZERTAINLY, but the connector is available under subscription.
> You can find more information about the project at [CZERTAINLY](https://github.com/3KeyCompany/CZERTAINLY) repository,
> including the contribution guide.

## Cryptosense

With the `Cryptosense` `Discovery Provider` you can easily start searching for certificates not only in network, but also in applications, filesystems, containers, or hardware security modules!

CZERTAINLY and `Cryptosense` provides together a comprehensive solution to manage not only certificates, but also cryptographic keys and protect yourself from related vulnerabilities.

`Cryptosense` `Discovery Provider` can discover certificates from:
- Network
- Applications
- File System
- Containers
- HSM

To know more about Cryptosense, refer to [Cryptosense](https://cryptosense.com).

The `Connector` provides options to search for certificates in various projects and reports generated by the Cryptosens Analyzer.

## Short Process Description

`Connector` discovers certificates from Cryptosense projects and reports. It connects to the Cryptosense using the URL authorized by API Key. Once the `Credentials` and other required parameters are configured, the `Connector` uses GraphQL API to get the information about discovered certificates.

Once certificates are discovered they are parsed and stored within the certificate inventory managed by the `Core`.

To know more about `Core`, refer to [CZERTAINLY Core](https://github.com/3KeyCompany/CZERTAINLY-Core).

## Interfaces

`Cryptosense` `Discovery Provider` implements the `Discovery Provider` Interface from the CZERTAINLY Interfaces. To learn more about the interfaces and end points, refer to the [CZERTAINLY Interfaces](https://github.com/3KeyCompany/CZERTAINLY-Interfaces).

For more information regarding the `Discovery`, please refer to the [CZERTAINLY documentation](https://docs.czertainly.com).

## Docker container

`Cryptosense` `Discovery Provider` is provided as a Docker container. Use the `3keycompany/czertainly-cryptosense-discovery-provider:tagname` to pull the required image from the repository. It can be configured using the following environment variables:

| Variable | Description | Required | Default value |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `JDBC_URL` | JDBC URL for database access | Yes | N/A |
| `JDBC_USERNAME` | Username to access the database | Yes | N/A |
| `JDBC_PASSWORD` | Password to access the database | Yes | N/A |
| `DB_SCHEMA` | Database schema to use | No | cryptosense |
| `PORT` | Port where the service is exposed | No | 8090 |